---
title: "Travel Itinerary and Logistics"
date: 2023-05-29
---

Dear ARML Team,

This email contains a lot of information about the travel logistics for our trip
to ARML in Reno on Friday and Saturday. Please read it carefully, and let us
know if you have any questions.

### Itinerary

Please read through the following itinerary for a detailed schedule, including
bus pickups, travel schedule, details about our time in Reno. This itinerary
also includes coach assignments for each team, and contact information for each
coach. We are still finalizing bus pickup and dropoff locations for some of the
groups, and will send out an updated version in a couple days with additional
information.

[**2023 ARML Itinerary**](https://tinyurl.com/SFBANorCalItinerary)

Based on the information that we have available, we have assigned students to
bus pickup locations. Please see the end of this email for an updated roster and
find your assigned pickup location. If you'd like to board the bus at a
different pickup location, please reply to this email and let us know. We will
try to accommodate such requests within the constraints of capacity limits for
our two buses.

### Alternate Transportation

A number of you have asked about traveling independently with parents to ARML. 
In order to maintain supervision during the trip, we require that any student
traveling independently to be dropped off and picked up at UNR at designated
times. We anticipate these time intervals to be approximately a 1:30pm dropoff
on Friday and a 3pm pickup on Saturday, and we'll send an update in a couple
days with more detailed instructions.

If we've already recorded your intention to travel independently, your travel in
the table below should be listed as "parent". If you're assigned to the bus but
plan to travel with parents, please reply to this email and let us know, so that
we're not looking for you when loading the buses.

### Student Phone Numbers

To make communication more efficient, we are collecting student cell phone
numbers for this trip. Please use the form below to report your cell phone
number. Note that this should be the number of a cell phone that you'll be
carrying with you on the trip. If you will not have a cell phone on the trip,
please indicate that on the form.

[**Student Cell Phone Number Form**](https://forms.gle/W9Cf4edYXfAyVA1A6)

### Permission Slips

Permission slips were sent a few days ago via DocuSign to all parents, using the
parent email address that was submitted in the Information Sheet last month.
Thank you to the vast majority of you who have completed the paperwork. If you
have not yet completed the permission slip, please do so as soon as possible. No
student may attend ARML without a completed permission slip.

### Optional Homework

We have posted two individual rounds on [ContestDojo](https://contestdojo.com/)
as optional practice material. If you'd like to partake, you may complete those
individual rounds at any time on ContestDojo. Solutions can be found in the same
place as materials from practice: [2023 Bay Area Practice Materials](https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vRwPqY_8CaC59aiKR67eBd8Jx5erxRQYKXniL-nctSDz_54JrefLCV57Ig1JZZUnJczYJ4lHGlfrD5S/pub).

As always, if you have any questions, please let us know!

â€“Moor and the rest of the SFBA/NorCal coaching staff

---

### Travel Roster

*Redacted for the website -- email arml-info@lists.berkeley.edu if you need
assistance.*
