---
title: "ðŸ‘• Extra Shirts, Team Update"
date: 2024-05-17
---

Dear ARML Team,

Thanks to those who came to practice this past weekend, and hope you've had a
good week. We're looking forward to seeing everyone at our final practice
tomorrow.

### Extra Shirts

At practice, teams voted on their team colors, and the following colors were
selected:
- Coach: Tie-Dye
- A1: Safety Pink
- A2: Orchid
- A3: Black
- A4: Sky
- A5: Galapagos Blue

Everyone on the team (including coaches and parent chaperones) will receive a
team t-shirt based on the size that you submitted on your information sheet.
There is no need to request a shirt. If you need to change the size of the shirt
that you ordered, please get in touch with us as soon as possible at
info@sfbanorcalarml.org

We are opening a limited time opportunity to buy an *additional* shirt, perhaps
if you'd like a shirt of a different color, for example. If you'd like to
purchase an extra shirt, you may do so at the following link. This opportunity
closes at end of day on Sunday, May 19.

[**Order an *extra* shirt here.**](https://buy.stripe.com/eVag2gdNVf0Mc2k28a)

When ordering an extra shirt, please specify the color and size of your shirts
(e.g. Coach S; A1 M; Galapagos Blue L).

### Final SFBA Practice

Our final SFBA practice will take place in San Jose on **Saturday, noon to
5pm**, at [Enlighten Heart Education
Center](https://maps.app.goo.gl/Gn2PLXRx6tTQ9hk4A). The details are on the
[practice website](/practices/). At this weekend's practice, in addition to the
usual content, we're also going to participate in FARML, which is written by one
of the ARML authors as an annual practice scrimmage - we'll be competing against
other teams from across the country. As such, we'd appreciate if everyone could
make an extra effort to come on time. For SFBA students, if you're unable to
attend, please fill out our [practice absence
form](https://forms.gle/4H4Pw6yBUGffMX3u5) and provide a (good) reason. 

### Team Assignments

At this past weekend's practice, we announced preliminary assignments for the
regional teams. Since then, we have made a small number of additional
adjustments to our team rosters. An updated team assignment list is provided
below. Additional adjustments will be required in subsequent weeks, especially
in rebalancing the sizes of the regional teams.

### Practice Materials

Practice materials from our second practice have now been posted. Note that
each team at practice covered different material -- if your team hasn't covered
something yet, please don't review it on your own, as your team will likely use
this material at our next practice.

[**Bay Area Practice Materials**](https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vQvyE8x4b_CAHITYO6Ojbx2-_x_i894HKU9upNXV8q5pNBjWpkV3hkVd0pyO3PRax8YyQ6qLMjLKGag/pub)

As always, if you have any questions, please let us know!

â€“Moor and the rest of the SFBA/NorCal coaching staff

---

**A1 Team**

*Redacted for the website -- email info@sfbanorcalarml.org if you need
assistance.*

**A2 Team**

*Redacted*

**A3 Team** (Sacramento / Davis)

*Redacted*

**A4 Team** (South Bay)

*Redacted*

**A5 Team** (East Bay and Peninsula)

*Redacted*
